.TH discord_dl 1  "April 4, 2021" "version 1.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
discord_dl \- Download and update discord.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B discord_dl
[\-hcpv]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B discord_dl
downloads the latest version of discord from discord's api, and install it on the system.
.PP
.B discord_dl
lets you choose between the 'canary' and 'ptb' builds of discord.
Canary is an alpha build, with more features than ptb, but also less stable.
By default, the ptb version is installed.

To update discord, or to switch build, just relaunch discord_dl.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
display this help message and exit
.TP
.B \-c, --canary
download the canary build
.TP
.B \-p, --ptb
download the ptb build
.TP
.B \-v, --version
output version information and exit
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Download the ptb build
.B discord_dl
-p
.PP
.TP
Since this is the default behavior, the ptb build can also be installed using
.B discord_dl
.PP
.TP
Update discord's ptb build
.B discord_dl
.PP
.TP
Switch from ptb build to canary build
.B discord_dl -c
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
discord_dl returns a zero exist status if it succeeds to install/update discord.
Non zero is returned in case of failure.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by
.B Mathias Schmitt
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2021  Mathias Schmitt

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
